before we begin let me start by saying I
love old movies but I must admit
sometimes these old Technicolor films do
often look like somebody drink milk of
many colors and just boffed all over
them the styles of our movie today ah
Janet Gaynor who starred in a movie
called Bernardin with Pat Boone who
played in the greatest story of a tone
with Charlton Heston who played in
tombstone with Val Campbell who played
in Batman Forever with Tommy Lee Jones
who played in men in black 3 with Lady
gaga who was an uncredited alien on the
screen for approximately 2.7 6 seconds
who is starring in the new West hours
born with Bradley Cooper who played in
yes man with Jim Carrey who also played
in Batman Forever wouldna Cole Kidman
who played in Eyes Wide Shut with her
then-husband Tom Cruise who played in
Jerry Maguire with Beau Bridges who
played in The Fabulous Baker boys with
his brother Jeff Bridges and played in
the Iceman Cometh which was the final
film starring the other star while
moving today
Frederick March and somehow all these
people are linked to Kevin Bacon play a
story begins with this young farm girl
Esther Victoria Blodgett who is enamored
with the movies and their stars
especially the hottest she saw in the
movie that night Norman Maine and her
old witch of an auntie be like you ain't
nothing but a silly little bit running
around the house fantasizing about
Hollywood talking to your crazy self in
the mirror making fool faces instead of
trying to lane Joe saw herself a man's
and they all laughed
especially her brother the little
monster and Esther says
you need to shut your damn mouth don't
you know I'm a big girl now
so she storms off to a room but her
grandmama comes in says don't you listen
these old crab just eating a homegrown
vegetable spot and dust do what you
won't I know you was born this way so
take this damn money and go chase the
fame
now get max out of here baby it's cold
outside welcome to Hollywood land of the
beautiful dirty rich and as you can see
esta is absolutely starstruck well she
may not realize about Hollywood is they
gonna tell her to get veneers on all the
teeth so she rents a room for six
dollars a week and he's like you gotta
pay in advance so show me the money
honey and she goes to the movie studio
and the lady at the desk is like sweetie
we ain't got no jobs
see these women taking all these calls
from women looking for work just like
you are if I'm keeping it real
you'd have
like being a government hooker back at
the hotel she meets this guy Danny I
want to be director assistant director
something and he hurts the feelings and
tries to apologize so he says why don't
you and I go to this concert and they
get there and he says maybe that play
your song and this was like oh my god
that's not my main he has such a aura
and then he says yeah he'll oricon smell
like whiskey took a piss and a Bloody
Mary so she writes a letter to a grand
my mind says look granny I love you you
sweet and all that but damn stop sending
money old woman my friend Danny is
telling me I'm on the edge of glory and
then it's like I got you a job where you
can mingle with the stars but beautiful
bye mingle I mean serve but while she's
serving the stars no man main Caesar and
oh how she does catch his brown eyes
he's like hey girl come over here let me
nibble some of what you have to offer
but his woman sees that esterhaz Norman
I'll be witched bothered and bewildered
so no man finds Esther in the kitchen
and he's like hello hello and his woman
come and say ain't I already told you
not to talk to her ain't it obvious that
the lady is a [ __ ] this she busts the
plate over his noggin so he takes us to
home and says I think it's important to
tell you that what you see on screen
that ain't me baby that's just a perfect
delusion and she runs into the house and
he's thinking damn I'm getting the blue
balls I just hope it ain't gonna be this
way every time we say goodbye so later
that night Esther gets a call at her
hotel and the owner says hey some fool
says he'd know mermaid on the telephone
but it is Norman Maine calling to tell
this girl he got her an audition and she
is absolutely speechless so the producer
tells her all you have to change is
everything you are oh that was pink but
anyway what I'm trying to say is she
learns what I told y'all earlier that
Hollywood ain't about nothing but vanity
so she's got to change a name and change
the way she walks and work on the accent
and I got to change your hair and give
her a manicure and draw on some fake
eyebrows then long story short yes -
Victoria has renamed Vicki Lester and
she takes a role in a major motion
picture with Norman Maine and boy does
she make her aah pop later that night
Norman tells Esther that he is just gaga
over her and he says yester I won't you
love and during a boxing match she
proposes marriage and Esther says I
don't know you kind of live a lush life
but if you could put down the bottle
could play the love game so Esther
Blodgett and Alfred Hinkle better known
to the public as Vicki Lester and Norman
Maine get hitched and Nestor says I'm
just so happy I could die and the news
gets out just as Esther and Norman are
on their honeymoon they just want to
spend some time chillin but they can't
they can for stuck in the mud but no one
don't do to get him out and he can't
hunt him no food because Norman's
Hollywood he ain't no Nature Boy so they
get out that country scheisse and return
home where we see Norman's famous
declining just as Estes Fame is rising
and they begin living a lush life of a
different kind while Norman gives up the
bottle but that don't last long because
Norman's producer I was like don't
nobody give a [ __ ] about you anymore
so bangbang your career is dead and
tragically no man has turned into a
househusband against his wishes notice
ester tries to eat the meat not wear it
and no one turns right back to the
bottle just as ester / Vicki is
nominated for an Oscar but not only is
she nominated she also wins and accepts
her award two rousing applause and she's
so proud because now she knows she's the
queen unfortunately for Esther Norman is
drunk again again and he busts up in
there acting like a dope and Norman's
old ex bit got no poker face
so she's just grins like haha she's your
monster now but Norman's full self
accidentally knocks the angel down well
okay not down but back and insta just
walks away with him and says let's just
sit down it's so good I love you and I
like it rough but Esther don't mean it
because she just sit there like oh ho ho
I'm Aloha Judas after a four day
drinking means Norman gets arrested for
driving under the influence and in the
courtroom that Judge is like Norman
Maine over the years you have given me a
million reasons to throw you off to the
pokey but Esther approaches the judges
says my man's got some problems but just
let him come home with me please there's
nothing else I can say and of course
when he finally gets out they surround
about a damn paparazzi but inste can't
stand the thought of being most
successful than her husband so she
decides all this famous you don't mean a
thing and she gives up her career and
says the nez Norman overhears this does
the unthinkable and don't expect a
reference here because death ain't funny
damn smoothies can depressing and if you
think the new ones gonna be any
different ha are you wrong I don't see
no these movies and they don't ever
change so just as Esther is about to
leave Hollywood to return to the dust
fountain farmers the old wise one shows
up and says be it come to mama
I mean grandmama I thought you came out
here to find yourself and grandmama
convinces Esther to stay and they attend
Esther's premiere together and Esther
gets on the mic and says the saddest
because you think she's gonna say I'm
Vicki Lester but instead she says I'm
mrs. Noem in Maine oh so in short it was
just a bad romance and be sure to LIKE
share and subscribe for your regular fix
of meth you can expect me to upload more
videos whenever I have one to upload
full movies explained fall I'm Jeb o
dire until next time just dance